Add README (#18)
kuuote/lspoints: README.md

# lspoints

Asynchronous LSP Gateway Plugin powered by denops.vim

> [!WARNING]
> 

> > As it is made for study, it may move strangely or break suddenly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> As it is made for study, it may behave weird or break suddenly.
```

  lspoints --- ddc-source-lsp
  lspoints --- lspoints-hover
  lspoints --- nvim_diagnostics
  lspoints --- format
  format --- Vim/Neovim
  nvim_diagnostics --- Vim/Neovim
  lspoints-hover --- Vim/Neovim
  lspoints-copilot --- Vim/Neovim
  ddc-source-lsp --- Vim/Neovim
```

## Configuration

To use lspoints, you need to configure two things.

1. What *language servers* are available.
2. What *extensions* are available.

### Language servers

```vim
function s:attach_denols() abort
    call lspoints#attach('denols', #{
    \   cmd: ['deno', 'lsp'],
    \   initializationOptions: #{
    \     enable: v:true,
    \     unstable: v:true,
    \     suggest: #{
    \       autoImports: v:false,
    \     },
    \   },
    \ })
endfunction
autocmd FileType typescript,typescriptreact call s:attach_denols()
```

### Extensions

You need to specify extension to be used.
```vim
let g:lspoints#extensions = ['nvim_diagnostics', 'format']
```

Alternatively, you can load extensions dynamically.
```vim
call lspoints#load_extensions(['nvim_diagnostics', 'format'])
```

### Configuration example

<details>
<summary>
The example is just a combined version of the above code.
</summary>

```vim

> let g:lspoints#extensions = ['nvim_diagnostics', 'format']

Reviewer: ```suggestion
let g:lspoints#extensions = ['nvim_diagnostics', 'format']

```
